sit Brett finish both legs get full
that's it that's too
punch of Matt
no punch the man
bunch of mac
go for a half yeah get to a side
art
that's it great job
hips
get off the back get off your back
no it should be fine
he lost
that's it I'll come up right get the to
get the to keep a man keep a man
alright
Hey set that up go for double switch
your double drive
its own face
I am toes
up
No
break Archibeque that both likes it
punch a met
yes yes squeeze squeeze read that head
scooped his head up
off your help that's it
Archibeque
put the legs in an arch your back
breathe breathe
something back
no no
right there put a half put some at punch
a man
power half get that other leg in an arch
get off your back
crash get off your back
picture hung up look away look away
break its hands
Brett no no no no check out kick kick
right there Stan yeah get your two